Your Majesty, the Indian envoy has entered the palace
It will be here soon.
The thirteenth brother was so majestic yesterday
Refused to show up again today
- I think he is too afraid to come
This official said
These three questions
Unsolvable
Tianzhu messenger
General Tianzhu
Meet the Muse
free gift
Your Majesty's big money is the upper kingdom of the Celestial Dynasty
Just three questions
There must be an answer
The general knows that these three problems are unsolvable
But he deliberately came out to make things difficult for us
What does that mean?
Dare to ask who this is
Master Wang
He is my first genius
It seems that the big money is nothing more than that
The first two topics
In my India
Even a 3-year-old can easily answer
Lord Wang
Are you sure this question is unsolvable?
Can I tell the answer?
Daejeon can cut the land immediately